Ezra mass with PVC for my second video
after are you sure I showed him all my
first video I'll show you how to draw a
creeper this time I'm sure you had
drying mooshroom cow is what looks like
pretty cool way yeah now i'm gonna show
you have to draw it
scene second mushroom let's see a little
circle on the mushroom my second thing
it's going to me Gracie on this cuff
hard let's see making little space on
the head because you shouldn't cows are
red from a body this big
mom faster
you
no charcoal see the moral cow is f wait
up basically one fourth done there's my
video all silver
not again we're just gonna take off ah
yes I killed you wish from cow where's
it gonna take all under stuff
see another thing like that see he's
almost finished silversmith see what oh
you stupid cow I would all this bed wish
from cows after i will describe how are
you oh yes I killed you just gonna take
our stuff it's my video almost over yeah
there it is so let's end this video
goodbye next video we don't end it yet
and for my next video of a drawing a see
I have any drawing herro Ryan bye